README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Product preview card component solution

This is a solution to the [Product preview card component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/product-preview-card-component-GO7UmttRfa). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Frontend Mentor - Product preview card component solution](#frontend-mentor---product-preview-card-component-solution)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
    - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
    - [Continued development](#continued-development)
    - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
  - [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for interactive elements

### Screenshot

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77162992/210515571-9cc57361-0103-494b-b38a-4801c86b8ae3.png)


### Links

- Solution URL: [GitHub](https://github.com/mallory-cvlh/03_product-preview-card-component)
- Live Site URL: [Live](https://mallory-cvlh.github.io/03_product-preview-card-component/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- CSS Media Queries

### What I learned

- I learned more about the use of the HTML figure element

### Continued development

I would like to improve several points in css like :
- Grid
- Flexbox
- Responsive Design

### Useful resources

- [Button](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_buttons.asp) - This helped me for the button size. 
- [Breakpoints](https://github.com/mallory-cvlh/03_product-preview-card-component/blob/main/img/breakpoints.png) - This helped me for the media queries.
- [Figure](https://www.alsacreations.com/article/lire/1337-html5-elements-figure-et-figcaption.html) - This helped me about the use of the figure element. 

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@mallory-cvlh](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/mallory-cvlh)
- Twitter - [@MalloryCvlh](https://twitter.com/MalloryCvlh)

Commit message:

V2
Responsive design improved & Button hover added & HTML/CSS code improved

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Product preview card component solution

This is a solution to the [Product preview card component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/product-preview-card-component-GO7UmttRfa). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Frontend Mentor - Product preview card component solution](#frontend-mentor---product-preview-card-component-solution)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
    - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
    - [Continued development](#continued-development)
    - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
  - [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for interactive elements

### Screenshot

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77162992/210515571-9cc57361-0103-494b-b38a-4801c86b8ae3.png)


### Links

- Solution URL: [GitHub](https://github.com/mallory-cvlh/03_product-preview-card-component)
- Live Site URL: [Live](https://mallory-cvlh.github.io/03_product-preview-card-component/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- CSS Media Queries

### What I learned

- I learned more about the use of the HTML figure element

### Continued development

I would like to improve several points in css like :
- Grid
- Flexbox
- Responsive Design

### Useful resources

- [Button](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_buttons.asp) - This helped me for the button size. 
- [Breakpoints](https://github.com/mallory-cvlh/03_product-preview-card-component/blob/main/img/breakpoints.png) - This helped me for the media queries.
- [Picture](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/picture) - This helped me about the use of the picture element. 
- [Data-icon](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Howto/Use_data_attributes) - This helped me about the use of the data-icon attribute. 
- [Size](https://nekocalc.com/fr/px-a-rem-convertisseur) - This helped me about the responsive design.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@mallory-cvlh](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/mallory-cvlh)
- Twitter - [@MalloryCvlh](https://twitter.com/MalloryCvlh)
